Conor presents with a Mexican wave sports news.
The Mexican waving man is on the air, the Mexican waving man with stories rare.
Take his advice and you look you'll get a wave that's great and fun.
You'll be a great man.
Good evening ladies and gentlemen.
Some that are legends, others mere hearsay, but all so interesting we'd like to pass them along to you.
Our guest tonight is the most famous baseball player of all time, the one and only Babe Ruth.
But first, real one, portrait of a strange beginning.
This is a story that's so interesting that I'd like to tell it to you as it was told to me.
This is the story of a hobo.
Actually, he wasn't a hobo in the true sense of the word.
His name was Harry.
His family had given him a good education.
But because Harry liked to roam, and because he wouldn't stay home, he became a hobo as he drifted from one town to another.
Shortly after, to the turn of the century when our story opens.
Harry had just run away from his home and he found himself in Baltimore, Maryland.
He was broke when one day on the street he happened to find a dollar Conor.
A dollar to Harry meant a great deal.
It meant food and a place to sleep.
But then suddenly Harry remembered something else.
He remembers that in a Baltimore orphan asylum was a youngster.
A youngster who wanted more than anything else in the world to own a baseball bat.
Harry had seen this youngster the day before.
And the youngster told Harry how much he wanted a bat.
And for a while Harry thought about the youngster, how much that baseball bat had meant to him.
And then Harry thought about what he himself could do with that dollar he just found.
He could buy a big thick steak.
He could get a place to sleep.
Harry was torn between two emotions.
He wanted to spend the dollar on himself.
And yet somehow he kept seeing that pleading face of a poor orphan boy begging for the baseball bat.
It didn't take Harry long to make his decision.
He decided to go without food so that he might buy that baseball bat for his little friend in the orphan asylum.
After that, according to the story, he drifted from one town to another until finally he found himself in Canada traveling on a train.
Only Harry didn't have any right to be on that train because Harry didn't have any tickets, nor did he have the money to buy one.
And on the second day of that train trip, the conductor caught Harry.
First, the conductor merely asked Harry where his ticket was.
But when Harry couldn't produce either a ticket or the money to pay for one, the conductor ordered that train stopped.
And he ordered Harry thrown off.
After Harry was thrown off that train, he began to look around to see where he was at.
And as he could plainly see, this part of Canada that he was in was wild and desolate.
But Harry soon found out that food was plentiful and easy to get.
So Harry decided to stay where he was, at least for the time being.
One day, Harry made a curious discovery.
For in searching for food, Harry discovered that certain rocks in the ground contained a brownish metal.
Harry thought he knew what he stumbled onto, but he wanted to be sure.
And after experimenting with those rocks Harry was sure he had discovered gold.
Feverishly, Harry dug into the ground.
The deeper he dug, the more gold he found.
The Canadian government recognized Harry's claim, for he discovered gold on the spot where he'd been thrown off that train, and he became the second richest man in all of Canada.
Such is the strange story of a former hobo named Harry.
His full name was Harry Oaks.
But remember when Harry was poor, when he was drifting around in Baltimore, Maryland, how the story said that he bought a baseball bat for a poor youngster in an orphan asylum?
Well, that baseball bat inspired that youngster to take up the game.
And this youngster liked the game of baseball so well that he went on to become the greatest ball player of all time, for his name was Babe Ruth.
Babe Ruth will be with us in person in just a few minutes.
This is the story of Stanley Ketchel.
Stanley Ketchel was one of the greatest fighters who ever lived.
He came blazing out of the West shortly after the turn of the century.
He was rough, he was tough.
In fact, Stanley Ketchel was one of the roughest fighters who ever fought in a prize ring.
As long as any opponent stayed on his feet, Stanley Ketchel would tear into that opponent like a wild animal.
He never showed any mercy to anyone.
He was hated for what he did as he crippled man after man.
Once in Cleveland, Ohio on a St. Patrick's Day according to the star.
Stanley Ketchel fought an Irish youngster named Ernie Ball.
Now, Ernie Ball was no match for the great Stanley Ketchel and Even though the fight was on a St. Patrick's Day and Ernie Ball was an Irishman, Stanley Ketchel proceeded to give Ernie Ball such a frightful beating that the youngster crumpled up on the floor in a bloody heap and he never fought again.
However, it's really little wonder that Stanley Ketchel was able to beat Ernie Ball so badly for Stanley Ketchel was rapidly becoming one of America's most famous prize fighters.
He knocked out one man after another until finally Stanley Ketchel became the middleweight champion of the world.
Stanley Ketchel remained a ruthless fighter even after he won the championship.
A fighter who beat his opponents as badly as he could until one day at the very height of his career, Stanley Ketchel was murdered.
The story of Stanley Ketchel's murder created a sensation.
And after he was dead, the police went through his personal belongings.
And in going through his effects, according to the story told to me, they came upon a curious piece of paper.
It was a letter written by Stanley Ketchel about a year before he was murdered.
A letter that in effect read to whom it may concern, they've called me a ruthless fighter, a man without mercy.
In most cases, that was true.
Only once did I ever regret giving an opponent a bad beating.
That once was back on a St. Patrick's Day in Cleveland, Ohio, when some of you may remember I fought an Irish youngster named Ernie Ball.
And the only reason I'm sorry I beat him so badly is because I later found out that he wasn't a professional prize fighter at all.
He was merely a youngster who was trying to get some money for an education.
And I hope he uses this money for his education.
Signed, Stanley Ketchel.
Ernie Ball did use that money for an education.
He immediately came to New York City where he began to study music until one day he wrote a song, a great song.
The song became famous, so did Ernie Ball.
And yet according to the story he might never have got into New York City and he might never have written this song but for a rough prize fighter named Stanley Ketchel in a prize fight that took place on St. Patrick's Day.
But the strangest part of the story is that this song that Ernie Ball did write as a result of a prize fight held on St. Patrick's Day, that song became famous as a great St. Patrick's Day song for that song was when Irish eyes are smiling.
