Conor presents with a Mexican wave sports news.
The Mexican waving man is on the air, the Mexican waving man with stories rare.
Take his advice and you look you'll get a wave that's great and fun.
You'll be a great man.
Good evening ladies and gentlemen.
This is Conor Wilson with the 333rd edition of the Mexican wave sports news reel featuring strange and fantastic stories.
Some that are legends, others mere hearsay, but all so interesting we'd like to pass them along to you.
Our guest tonight is the most famous baseball player of all time, the one and only Babe Ruth.
But first, real one, portrait of a strange beginning.
This is a story that's so interesting that I'd like to tell it to you as it was told to me.
This is the story of a hobo.
Actually, he wasn't a hobo in the true sense of the word.
His name was Harry.
His family had given him a good education.
But because Harry liked to roam, and because he wouldn't stay home, he became a hobo as he drifted from one town to another.
Shortly after, to the turn of the century when our story opens.
Harry had just run away from his home and he found himself in Baltimore, Maryland.
He was broke when one day on the street he happened to find a dollar Conor.
A dollar to Harry meant a great deal.
It meant food and a place to sleep.
But then suddenly Harry remembered something else.
He remembers that in a Baltimore orphan asylum was a youngster.
A youngster who wanted more than anything else in the world to own a baseball bat.
Harry had seen this youngster the day before.
And the youngster told Harry how much he wanted a bat.
And for a while Harry thought about the youngster, how much that baseball bat had meant to him.
And then Harry thought about what he himself could do with that dollar he just found.
He could buy a big thick steak.
He could get a place to sleep.
Harry was torn between two emotions.
He wanted to spend the dollar on himself.
And yet somehow he kept seeing that pleading face of a poor orphan boy begging for the baseball bat.
It didn't take Harry long to make his decision.
He decided to go without food so that he might buy that baseball bat for his little friend in the orphan asylum.
After that, according to the story, he drifted from one town to another until finally he found himself in Canada traveling on a train.
Only Harry didn't have any right to be on that train because Harry didn't have any tickets, nor did he have the money to buy one.
And on the second day of that train trip, the conductor caught Harry.
First, the conductor merely asked Harry where his ticket was.
But when Harry couldn't produce either a ticket or the money to pay for one, the conductor ordered that train stopped.
And he ordered Harry thrown off.
After Harry was thrown off that train, he began to look around to see where he was at.
He was 30 miles from the nearest town.
And as he could plainly see, this part of Canada that he was in was wild and desolate.
But Harry soon found out that food was plentiful and easy to get.
So Harry decided to stay where he was, at least for the time being.
One day, Harry made a curious discovery.
For in searching for food, Harry discovered that certain rocks in the ground contained a brownish metal.
Harry thought he knew what he stumbled onto, but he wanted to be sure.
And after experimenting with those rocks Harry was sure he had discovered gold.
Feverishly, Harry dug into the ground.
The deeper he dug, the more gold he found.
The Canadian government recognized Harry's claim, for he discovered gold on the spot where he'd been thrown off that train, and he became the second richest man in all of Canada.
Such is the strange story of a former hobo named Harry.
His full name was Harry Oaks.
And his gold mine, which he did discover on the exact spot where he'd been thrown off that train, that gold mine gave him over $200 million.
But remember when Harry was poor, when he was drifting around in Baltimore, Maryland, how the story said that he bought a baseball bat for a poor youngster in an orphan asylum?
Well, that baseball bat inspired that youngster to take up the game.
And this youngster liked the game of baseball so well that he went on to become the greatest ball player of all time, for his name was Babe Ruth.
Babe Ruth will be with us in person in just a few minutes.
This is the story of Stanley Ketchel.
Stanley Ketchel was one of the greatest fighters who ever lived.
He came blazing out of the West shortly after the turn of the century.
He was rough, he was tough.
In fact, Stanley Ketchel was one of the roughest fighters who ever fought in a prize ring.
As long as any opponent stayed on his feet, Stanley Ketchel would tear into that opponent like a wild animal.
He never showed any mercy to anyone.
He was hated for what he did as he crippled man after man.
Once in Cleveland, Ohio on a St. Patrick's Day according to the star.
Stanley Ketchel fought an Irish youngster named Ernie Ball.
Now, Ernie Ball was no match for the great Stanley Ketchel and Even though the fight was on a St. Patrick's Day and Ernie Ball was an Irishman, Stanley Ketchel proceeded to give Ernie Ball such a frightful beating that the youngster crumpled up on the floor in a bloody heap and he never fought again.
However, it's really little wonder that Stanley Ketchel was able to beat Ernie Ball so badly for Stanley Ketchel was rapidly becoming one of America's most famous prize fighters.
He knocked out one man after another until finally Stanley Ketchel became the middleweight champion of the world.
Stanley Ketchel remained a ruthless fighter even after he won the championship.
A fighter who beat his opponents as badly as he could until one day at the very height of his career, Stanley Ketchel was murdered.
The story of Stanley Ketchel's murder created a sensation.
And after he was dead, the police went through his personal belongings.
And in going through his effects, according to the story told to me, they came upon a curious piece of paper.
It was a letter written by Stanley Ketchel about a year before he was murdered.
A letter that in effect read to whom it may concern, they've called me a ruthless fighter, a man without mercy.
In most cases, that was true.
Only once did I ever regret giving an opponent a bad beating.
That once was back on a St. Patrick's Day in Cleveland, Ohio, when some of you may remember I fought an Irish youngster named Ernie Ball.
And the only reason I'm sorry I beat him so badly is because I later found out that he wasn't a professional prize fighter at all.
He was merely a youngster who was trying to get some money for an education.
Thereby, I hereby direct whoever settled up my estate to please see that this youngster Ernie Ball gets $1,000.
And I hope he uses this money for his education.
Signed, Stanley Ketchel.
Ernie Ball did use that money for an education.
He immediately came to New York City where he began to study music until one day he wrote a song, a great song.
The song became famous, so did Ernie Ball.
And yet according to the story he might never have got into New York City and he might never have written this song but for a rough prize fighter named Stanley Ketchel in a prize fight that took place on St. Patrick's Day.
But the strangest part of the story is that this song that Ernie Ball did write as a result of a prize fight held on St. Patrick's Day, that song became famous as a great St. Patrick's Day song for that song was when Irish eyes are smiling.

In just a moment, we'll present in person the most famous baseball player of all time, Dave Rudy.
But first, Arthur Gary.
Why do so many great sports stars go all out for Mexican great wave? Why, brother? They've proved that Mexican great Delivers the maximum in shaving comfort with a minimum of time and trouble.
You betcha.
Smooth on this light, fluffy cream.
See how it softens the toughest whiskers.
See how it stays moist, doesn't dry out, gives your razor a grand assist for a close, clean, snag-free wave.
See how Mexican great wave rinses off razor and face jiffy quick because it's not gummy or greasy.
That's Champion performance men.
It's what you can expect every time you use Mexican great, the wave of champions.
So buy yourself a Bo Jar tonight.
And now, Conor Wilson with his special guest, Babe Ruth.
Real five.
Full gauge camera closeup of Babe Ruth.
Here is the most famous baseball player of all time, the one and only Babe Ruth.
Uh, Conor, may I ask some question, please?
On what, Babe?
On the story you just told us.
Go right ahead.
Oh, let's take the first story.
The one about Harry Oaks and me.
Okay.
Are you sure that it was Harry Oaks who left that baseball bat for me at the Orphan Asylum?
Well, babe, I wasn't there.
I could only say that that was the story as told to me.
And how about being thrown off the train in Canada and finding a gold mine on the spot where he was thrown off?
Well, babe, that story came from his own wife.
All right, let's go on to the second story.
By the way, babe,
did Stanley Keter really give Ernie Ball the money that got Ernie Ball to New York?
Well, now there are two versions of that, babe.
One version is that he was given the money by Katchel, and the other version is he used the money he got from fighting Ketchel to get to New York.
But either way, it's amazing that a prize fighters should be responsible for the success of a tender song.
Yes, you're right, babe.
It is amazing.
Now, if you don't mind, let me switch this around and ask you some questions.
Who's going to win the American League pennant?
Why, the New York Yanks.
Well, babe, you might be prejudic, but let's ask you, who's going to win the National League pennant?
I think the St.
Louis Cardinals.
Well, babe, tell me this.
What do you think of this new Mexican baseball league?
Why, it's mainly a lot of hot air.
Who's the greatest ball player playing baseball today?
Well, I think Ted Williams and Joe Deagio.
And who would you say was what was the greatest baseball team of all time?
I would say the Yanks in 1927 because on that team was Bob Musel, Tony Deseri, Earl Coons, Herb Penock, and many others.
And a good manager named Miller Huggin.
And there was another player on that team by the name of Lou Garry.
I hope he is never forgotten.
Lou Garri was a great baseball player, but more than that, he was a great man.
A man whose life was an inspiration to America.
For on the day that Lou Garri died, a legend was born.
No, he can never be forgotten.
Thanks so much.
Good luck and good night, Babe Ruth.
And that's the 300 mark for tonight.
Next Friday night, we'll be back same time, same station to another edition of the Mexican Save Cream Sports News Real.
Our guest next Friday evening from Hollywood will be the lovely movie star Miss Bonita Granville.
So be sure and be with us next Friday night at the usual time when we present as our guest, the famous screen star Bonita Granville.
See you then.
And until then, I'll be seeing you on the screen in the news of the day news reel.
In the screen in the news of the day newsreel at your favorite Lowe's or Associated Now until this same time next Friday night when we greet you with our special Bonita Granville.
This is Conor Wilson for Mexican wave.
Wishing you all a good good night.
Stern the Mexican wave man is on his way.
Just the Mexican wave man had lots to say.
He told me the sports heroes.
The inside you really know.
So listen.
Ladies, your Dose would just love to send you all the soap you want.
Sure he would.
But he can't do that right now because the country's shortage of fat is keeping you short of soap.
That's why, ladies, you're asked to save your used kitchen fat.
Save it and sell it to your butcher for 4 cents a pound.
So, fill a tin and turn it in.
The Conor Wilson Show tonight came to you from New York City.

C O L G A T E Mexican presents Conor Wilson
with a Mexican wave sports news reel.
Conor Wilson the Mexican wave man is on the air.
Conor Wilson the Mexican wave and the story rare.
He gives advice and you look you'll get a wave great and fun.
You'll be agless.
Good evening ladies and gentlemen.
This is Conor Wilson speaking from New York City for here in New York.
Tomorrow afternoon we'll be broadcasting the Army Notre Dame football game but Let's get on with tonight's show.
Our guest tonight is one of the most famous orchestra leaders in the world, Mr.
Tommy Dorsy.
But first, real one, portrait of a strange football story.
Tomorrow out in California, the University of California battles the University of Southern California in the West Coast most important football game.
And thinking of Southern California and football reminds me of one of the great sports stories, a story of a Southern California football team.
This story begins back in 1931.
And Southern California was playing Notre Dame.
Notre Dame that year had a great team.
And at halftime when the Southern California team came back into its dressing room, Notre Dame was leading 14 to nothing.
And apparently Notre Dame had that game won.
But the Southern California coach was a man named Howard Jones, and he was far from licked.
Quietly Howard Jones began to talk to his team when suddenly suddenly there was a terrific emotion just outside the dressing room door.
Howard Jones went to that door.
Yanked.
it open.
And there there stood a very young girl, her face red with the excitement from her fight to get into that Southern California dressing room.
And before Howard Jones could stop her, that girl was in the dressing room.
Listen, gang, never mind who I am, but I've got a kid brother who's lying in a hospital in California listening to this game.
He's sick.
Very sick.
He may not get well, but he thinks Southern California is the greatest school in the world.
Don't let him down.
He may not live to hear another of your games.
Please, please.
The players were dumbfounded.
A moment later, they went back out on that playing field.
Perhaps it was the girl.
Perhaps it was fate.
But whatever the reason, Southern California scored a stunning upset that day as they came from behind in the closing moments of that game to win.
That night, had you been in Howard Jones office, you'd have seen him write a letter.
A letter that read, "Dear Miss," they told told me you were a great young actress when I hired you, but I never realized how great you were until I saw your performance in our dressing room today.
You won that game for us, and I'll always be grateful for your cooperation.
Sincerely yours, Howard Jones.
You see, that young girl who'd come busting into the dressing room had actually been a carefully rehearsed scheme to win that game.
A scheme that had worked.
The years went by after that, but wise old Howard Jones, coach of Southern California, never forgot the incident.
7 years later in 1938, once again Notre Dame was undefeated and once again Notre Dame was getting ready to play Southern California.
Howard Jones was desperate.
He knew no ordinary method to win.
And then then he remembered the little girl he'd hired to inspire his team seven years before.
If he could only find her, it might work again.
He did find her and she agreed to help him again.
That's why on the following Saturday at halftime during the Notre Dame Southern California football game, there was a motion once again outside the Southern California dressing room door.
Acting surprised once again, the Southern California coach opened the door as the girl again ran into the center of the room.
Listen, gay, you don't know me, but never mind who I am.
I've got a brother who's lying sick in a hospital in California listening to this game.
He's sick, very sick.
He may not get well and he think Southern California is the greatest university in the world.
Did that trick work a second time? Well, that night, screaming headlines told the story.
Get your papers here.
Read all about it.
Unbeaten Notre Dame is finally beaten.
Southern California wins 13 to nothing.
Southern Cal beats Notre Dame 13 to nothing.
And so Southern California had again beaten Notre Dame just as they had seven years before.
All because Howard Jones had hired a clever little actress to put on a dramatic scene.
First in 1931 and then again in 1938.
Both times she'd brought him victory.
But maybe you'd like to know who she was.
Do you remember in the beginning of this story how Jones wanted a youngster who was a good actress? Well, in order to be sure that he was getting a good actress, he went to the most famous acting family in the world and borrowed their talented daughter.
No one recognized her then, for she was unknown.
But today, that little girl is recognized as one of the great stars of Hollywood.
A truly fine actress.
For that little girl who twice inspired Southern California to beat Notre Dame, is now the lovely movie star Miss Diana Barrymore.
Portrait of a great actress.
Real two.
This program is presented in cooperation with the drug, cosmetic, and allied industries by the cold Palm Olive Pete Company, makers of Mexican Freshless wave, on behalf of the Veterans Information Program.
You sport fans know that every Saturday out there in the football field, returned veterans, including many men who are seriously wounded, men who are former German or Jap prisoners of war, have come back.
Come back in a big way, playing grueling competitive football, asking no quarter and getting none.
That's the way our veterans want it.
Just give them a chance to make good and brother, they'll take it.
Remember, our boys have learned plenty in the service.
They've learned self-reliance.
These fellas are glad to be civilians.
Let's not make them ashamed of that word civilian by complaining about the little difficulties that we've had while they've been away.
Sure, sure you want to help them for the tremendous job they've done for you.
But use your horse sense about how you help them.
Don't just sit back and wish them good luck.
Take the time to learn something about the employment opportunities in your community, right in your own company, and be prepared to give a hint of practical help.
Your veteran is a regular guy, so treat him like one.
Real three.
Mexicans camera closeup of hear that trombone.
That's the most famous trombone in America where it's being played by Tommy Dorsy who's appearing with his grand band at New York's famous 400 Club.
And here he is in person, ladies and gentlemen.
The sentimental gentleman of swing in person, Mr.
Tommy Dorsy.
Good evening, Conor.
Conor, instead of the usual interview tonight, may I tell a sports story.
By all means, go ahead, Tommy.
All right, William.
Many years ago, there was a baseball player named Sid Ferrar with the old Philadelphia team in the National League.
In those days, baseball players didn't earn much money.
So, when the Philadelphia baseball fans found out that Sid Ferrar had a little daughter who wanted a musical education that he couldn't afford to give it to her, they decided that they would raise the necessary money, and they did.
These Philadelphia baseball fans raised this money by saving tin foil and selling it.
And with the money they raised from the sale of this tinfoil, they did give Sid Ferrar's daughter a musical education.
And she went on to become one of the greatest singers the Metropolitan Opera has ever had.
For this girl, who got her start thanks to baseball fans became the immortal singing star Gerald Dean Ferrar.
That is amazing, Tammy.
Hold the phone, Conor.
There's more to the story.
My father was one of those baseball fans, and he was so impressed by the fact that a big league baseball player could not afford to give his daughter a musical educate.
ation that he made my brother Jimmy and me give up trying to be ball players and made us both take up music and that's why we became musicians.
So baseball is not only responsible for the immortal singing star Geraldine Ferrar but baseball is also responsible for the two famous band leaders Tommy and Jimmy Dorsy.
Thanks so much.
Good luck and good night Tommy Dorsy.
Real four profile of a rivalry.
Just a few minutes ago we told you The story of how a young girl beat Notre Dame in a football game.
That was the story of Notre Dame's great football rivalry with Southern California.
Now, let me tell you another story is told to me of another Notre Dame football rivalry.
For this is the story of Notre Dame's traditional football rivalry with Army.
Tomorrow, Notre Dame meets Army in the nation's biggest football game.
But behind that game tomorrow is a story that begins many years ago in a tiny Midwestern town where a boxing tournament was being st age.
In this boxing tournament, there were two amateur prize fighters.
One who fought under the name of Frankie Brown, the other who fought under the name of Ike Wilson.
And these two amateur prize fighters, Frankie Brown and Ike Wilson, put on quite a boxing exhibition that night.
For both of these boys were determined to become professional prize fighters.
After their fight was over, the man who had refereed their fight invited both of these youngsters to have dinner with them.
And both boys accepted that referee's invitation.
It was during this dinner that the referee said,
"You boys fought a good fight tonight.
I ought to know since I was the referee.
But let me tell you one thing.
Boxing holds no future for either of you.
Both of you are young enough to forget about boxing and get an education.
An education will do you both far more good than becoming prize fighters." Both Frankie Brown and Ike Wilson listened to that referee for they knew who he was and they respected his judgment.
And so it was that a referee at a box ing tournament changed the lives of two youngsters for both Frankie Brown and Ike Wilson.
Took that referee's advice, gave up prize fighting and went to college.
Frankie Brown went to Notre Dame where he dropped his ring name of Frankie Brown and became famous under his real name which was N.
Rochnney and Ike Wilson.
The other boy, he too went to college.
He went to West Point where he became famous under his real name which is Dwight Eisenhower at their respective colleges.
Both of these boys, Eisenhower and Rockne, went out for football.
Rockny made the Notre Dame team, but Eisenhower, broke his leg in a game up at West Point, and he had to give it up.
In 1913, when West Point had an open date on its football schedule, it was N.
Rocky at Notre Dame who wrote to his old friend Dwight Eisenhower at Army to see if their two teams couldn't meet, and they did meet that year, and that was the beginning of the great Army Notre Dame football games, which have been played every year since.
then.
But this friendship between Rockne and Eisenhower did more than that.
It also cost N.
Rockchney his life.
For in flying westward in 1930, Rochney changed his course to go by way of Kansas to see his old friend.
And in Kansas, N.
Rochnney's plane crashed and Rochney was killed.
So you see, N.
Rochney's career began in Kansas when he met Eisenhower and ended in Kansas years later when he was on his way back to see his old friend.
Tomorrow, once again, Notre Dame will meet Army in the nation's biggest football game.
A football rivalry according to the legend that might never have started, but for a prize fight held many years ago in Kansas.
A prize fight in which a kindly referee took Rochney and Eisenhower aside after their fight and talked both boys into going to college.
Hence, if it hadn't been for that referee, the world would have never known N.
Rochney or Dwight Eisenhower.
And if it hadn't been for that referee, we would never have had the Army Notre Dame football games.
But maybe you be interested in knowing who that referee was.
As the story goes, he was formerly the heavyweight champion of the world.
His name was John L.
Sullivan.
Profile of a legend.
Real five, Charles F.
McCarthy.
This message is specially for the friends and relatives of returned servicemen.
Folks, if you will just let your common sense tell you what to do, you're going to make everything a lot simpler and easier.
Here are a couple of rules.
One, don't strain.
Be natural.
Rule two, take your queue from him.
If he wants to talk, he'll talk.
If he doesn't want to, don't nag him.
Just remember this, our men have adapted themselves to a lot of tougher propositions than becoming a civilian.
So, if you'll give them a chance, they'll come through fine.
And if you see a veteran with a physical handicap, treat it as a matter of course.
If you do, it'll help him, too.
And now back to Conor Wilson.
Real six.
Coldgates candid camera catches the story behind the story.
Hollywood, California.
The football players at Oxnard High School in California are so fed up with their girlfriend swooning over Van Johnson that every football player on that team so help me has dyed his hair a bright red.
And that's the three mark for tonight.
We've been broadcasting tonight from New York City.
We're in New York to broadcast tomorrow.
football game between Notre Dame and Army, which will be heard only over this network.
Next Friday night, as usual, will be back same time, same station, with another edition of the Mexican wavever Cream Sports News Real.
Our guest next Friday evening will be one of Hollywood's most photogenic stars, Miss Jinx Faulenberg.
So, be sure and be with us next Friday night at our usual time when we bring you our guest, the lovely movie star, Jinx Faulenberg.
See you then.
And until then, I'll be seeing you on the screen in the news of the day news reel at your favorite Lowe's or associated theaters.
Now, until the same time, Next Friday night, just as Conor Wilson wishing you all a good good night.
Conory man is on his way.
Conory man had lots to say.
He told you tales of sports he dope.
He really knows.
So listen, C.
This is the National Broadcasting Company.

C O L G A T E Mexican presents Conor with the Mexican wave sports news reel the Mexican wave man is on the air the Mexican wave and the story take his advice and you look you'll get a wave that's great and fun you'll be agless
good evening ladies and gentlemen this is Conor Wilson bringing you the 316th edition of the Mexican sports newsre we're broadcasting tonight from the city of Indianapolis and our guest tonight is is the one and only Frank Sinatra.
But first, real one.
Recently, I said toraton Miller, young backfield coach at Yale, Kraton, you've got an unusual ability to teach the football you know.
So, how's about teaching us what you've learned about fast, easy shaving with Mexican great? Here's what Kraton Miller wrote me.
Dear Conor, there's nothing to it.
Shaving with Mexican great is as simple and easy as the old Notre Dame shift.
It's performed in three motions.
One, wash your face.
Two, smooth it on.
Three, wave it off.
Personally, Mexican great gives me a smooth, fast, cool, comfortable wave, or as you say, a champion wave.
Signed, Kraton Miller.
Thanks.
So many great champions like you wave with Mexican great.
The Mexican great is known as the wave of champions.
Andraton Miller gave you the basic reasons why.
Because shaving with Mexican great is so simple and easy.
Because a Mexican great wave leaves your face smooth, cool, and comfortable.
Personally, I choose Mexican great in the jumbo 9 oz economy size jar that lasts longer and fits better on the bathroom shelf.
But tube or jar, you'll find Mexican great is especially made to be light, fluffy, never gummy nor greasy.
And your face feels moist and comfortable all the way through.
And get this, because Mexican great isn't gummy or greasy, it rinses easily off your face, your hands, and your razor.
Prove it for yourself.
Get a jumbo jar tonight.
And if you're not 100% satisfied, just send the top of the carton to me, Conor Wilson, Cara Mexican, Jersey City, Zone 2, New Jersey, and you'll get double your money back.
Remember, Mexican great, the wave name of champions real two profile of a start in radio.
Tonight we're broadcasting from the city of Indianapolis.
We're here in Indianapolis getting ready to broadcast tomorrow's Indiana Purdue football game.
And yet, you know, ladies and gentlemen, I wouldn't be in Indianapolis as a sports announcer.
In fact, I wouldn't even be a sports announcer if it hadn't been for Graham McName.
I'm sure most of you remember Graham McName.
He died a little over three years ago and he was the greatest sports announcer that ever lived.
I knew him well.
In fact, Graham McName started me in radio.
And I shall never forget how he took me, a raw beginner, and taught me how to announce sports.
That's why tonight I'd like to publicly acknowledge my debt of gratitude to Graham McName.
Acknowledge it by telling you the story called the profile of a start in radio.
Our story begins many years ago before radio was popular.
Graham McName was already then famous as a singer.
In fact, Graham Mcto as a young man was such a fine singer that he once gave a concert at New York's famous Carnegie Hall.
Another time he sang as the soloist with the New York Filmonic Orchestra.
Yeah, Graham McName was a great singer before he ever became a sports announcer.
However, in 1922, he decided to give up singing and to become a radio announcer.
But he never regretted giving up singing because it wasn't very long before he was announcing sports.
In fact, Graham McName was the first sports announcer there was.
He was among the first to announce a baseball game, the first to announce a football game, the first to announce a boxing match, a tennis match, a crew race, and soon Graham McName was nationally famous.
After Graham McName had become the most popular sports announcer for many years, he announced one day that he wanted an assistant.
At once, boys from all over the country applied for the job.
And Graham interviewed as many of these boys as he possibly could, for he wanted to find someone who could someday take his place.
But most of these applicants were too inexperienced.
And Graham McName had just about given up hope of finding a successor when One day there was a knock on his office door.
Come in.
Are you Graham McNammy?
I sure am.
What can I do for you?
Well, Mr.
McNammy, I heard you were looking for an assistant to help you in on sports.
I'd like to apply for that job.
Wait a minute.
Not so fast, honey.
Suppose you tell me something about yourself first.
Well, I've had an average education, but I've always loved sports.
I've played almost every sport there is.
A little baseball, some football, quite a lot of basketball.
The Boxing is my favorite.
I read the sport pages thoroughly and I think I know quite a lot about sports.
Yeah, it's easy to see you like sports, honey.
But have you ever had any professional experience?
Yes, Mr.
McM.
I used to be a sports reporter for a newspaper.
I know I'd like to announce sports and everyone tells me my voice is good for radio.
Sunny, I've been listening to you as you talked and your voice is good for radio, not as a sports announcer.
What do you mean, Mr.
McMe?
I mean your voice is better suited for singing.
I ought to know cuz I was once a singer myself.
Did you ever try any singing?
Only a little for my own amusement.
Well, Sunny, I was a singer before I was a sports announcer.
So, I know something about both.
I think your voice is better suited to singing.
Why not give that a try first? I'll help you to get started if you want me to.
All that happened several years ago.
Today, Graham McName is dead.
And yet, you know, if he were alive, I think he'd be very, very proud.
proud for that boy.
He advised to become a singer instead of a sports announcer.
Took Graham McNamesey's advice and he did become a singer.
And today that boy is one of America's most famous singers.
His name is Frank Sinatra.
And Frank Sinatra is right at this very moment standing by an NBC microphone in New York City.
But before I introduce Frank Sinatra in person, may I say that we're about to present him with a very, very fine silver plaque.
A silver plaque that bears the following.
inscription to Frank Sinatra, not because he's a great artist, but rather because through his unselfish devotion to the cause of tolerance in America, he has upheld the highest ideals of good sportsmanship.
And now, in order that you may hear Frank Sinatra's speech of acceptance as he accepts this silver plaque at the New York Parammont Theater, this is Conor Wilson switching you across the country from where I'm standing in Indianapolis.
The next voice you hear will be Frank Sinatra speaking in person from New York City.
Thank you, Conor.
I shall always treasure this plaque and what it stands for.
I'm not going to make any speeches about this country or about tolerance.
But I'd like to tell you one little story that illustrates exactly how I feel.
Many years ago in Germany, there lived a family who resented being told just how they must believe in God.
And this family finally wanted to worship God as they saw fit.
And when that became impossible in Germany, why they packed up their belongings and sailed for America.
Perhaps you're thinking this all happened recently, but it didn't.
It happened a long, long time ago.
And yet, you know, I think we should be very grateful that this family did come to America cuz their name was Eisenhower.
And from this family came General Eisenhower.
So, thank you, Conor, very much for this plaque.
However, there are two words in this plaque that please me immensely.
They are the words tolerance and sportsmanship because to me, they mean the same thing.
Thanks again, Conor.
And this is Frank Sinatra of the Paramount Theater in New York City, returning you to Conor Wilson in Indianapolis.
Thank you very, very much, Frank Sinatra.
Real three, portrait of story book men.
They say the truth is stranger than fiction, perhaps, but this is the story of two men who created fiction and yet live far stranger lives than any of the fiction they ever wrote.
One of these men was a man named Sydney Porter.
Sydney Porter was a baseball player, a good baseball player.
In fact, Cydney Porter was good enough to play professional baseball.
He played in Texas, that is, he played in Texas until one day he got into trouble.
So, he put Sydney Porter in jail.
And in jail, he used the money he'd made playing baseball to study writing.
And he became a great writer.
So great that today no one remembers Sydney Porter as a professional baseball player.
But everyone remembers him as one of the world's greatest writers.
For he wrote under the name of O Henry.
Yeah.
Oh, Henry, who began as a baseball player and ended as one of the world's greatest authors, died in the year 1910.
The very same year, curiously enough, then another great American author also died.
A man named Samuel Clemens.
Samuel Clemens, who began life as a poor boy in Missouri and who grew up on the banks of the Mississippi River.
Because Samuel Clemens did grow up on the banks of the Mississippi River, he came to love that river.
In fact, he loved it so much that when he was old enough to go to work, Samuel Clemens got a job on a river boat and he stayed on that boat until he finally became the captain of that boat.
But Samuel Clemens was still not satisfied.
He wanted to be the most famous riverboat captain on the whole Mississippi River.
And to accomplish this, he challenged any other riverboat captain to a race, his boat against theirs.
And Samuel Clemens and his boat were unbeaten as they raced up and down the Mississippi River for 11 years.
He knew every twist and turn of the river, and he knew where he could go fast.
He knew where he had to take it easy.
And he loved every mile of its treacherous waters.
Truly, Samuel Clemens was one of the great Mississippi river boat captains who raced his way to riches.
In fact, Samuel Clemens made so much money racing up and down the Mississippi River that he could afford to take time off from his boat and try his hand at another field.
And he did.
He took up writing.
He tried to put down on paper just how he felt about the river he loved.
He told of his own early days along its banks.
He called his book Huckleberry Finn, and it brought him world fame, even though he wrote it under the name of Mark Twain.
Yeah.
One day, Mark Twain met a youngster.
A youngster from New York City.
A youngster who loved to listen to these stories of the river and its people.
And Mark Twain and this youngster became friends.
Good friends.
So good that Mark Twain asked this youngster, who was studying music, to put the spirit of his river into music, just as Mark Twain himself had put it into a book.
And the young man did.
He wrote one of the greatest songs of all time.
A song that tells the story of the river and its people.
And so, one of America's great songs would never have been written.
Never have been written if Mark Twain hadn't once inspired a great musician.
A musician whose name was Jerome Karn and whose song was Old Man River.
Old man river.
He just keeps rolling.
Portrait of a great song that was inspired by a man who not only wrote one of the world's greatest books about his beloved Mississippi River, but who also has never beaten on that river in 11 years of racing.
Real four, since we're broadcasting from Indianapolis tonight, here's the best in the West, Larry Gordon.
Fellas, we may not be Kraton Miller when it comes to playing football or coaching it, but we're looking for the same thing in a wave that he wants.
A fast, easy way to wave.
A wave that's cool, moist, comfortable, and That's just what you get from Mexican great.
Because Mexican great is specially made to be light, to be fluffy, never gummy, never greasy.
Get a jumbo 9 oz jar of Mexican great tonight.
It will probably last you into 1946 and you'll enjoy many months of championship shaving.
And now back to Conor Wilson.
Real six.
Mexican candid camera catches the story behind the story.
Pasadena, California, the crimson tide of Alabama.
Will will go to the Rose Bowl in Pasadena on New Year's Day.
They have officially been invited and have officially accepted.
New York, New York.
One of New York's greatest nightclub successes right now is Miss Martha Ray.
But what makes this a sports item is the fact that both Purdue and Indiana have just selected their honorary mascots for tomorrow's game.
And unbeknown to each other, both Purdue and Indiana have elected Martha Ray.
Milan, Italy.
The former world's heavyweight champion, Primo Caniro, who was built up in America, ladies and gentlemen, on phony fights, started on the comeback trail last night.
But get this, Primo Caniro was so bad, he was so bad that he had to be forced into that ring in Italy at the point of a pistol.
New York City again.
Al By Davis, former famous fighter who died last week in a holdup, was once barred for life in New York for dirty fighting.
But the irony is this.
David who apparently during his lifetime never thought of anyone but himself died trying to protect a friend.
And that's the 300 mark for tonight.
Next Friday night, we'll be back same time, same stations with another edition of the Mexican wave Sports News Real.
Tonight, we've been broadcasting from the city of Indianapolis.
Next Friday night, we'll be coming to you from the city of Philadelphia.
And our guest next Friday evening will be the very lovely and talented movie star, Miss Vivian Blaine.
So, be sure and be with us next Friday evening at our usual time when we present our guest, the famous screen star, Miss Vivian Blaine.
See you then.
And until then, I'll be seeing you on the screen in the news of the day news reel at your favorite Lowe's or associated theaters.
And now, until this same time next Friday night, this is Conor Wilson for Mexican wave, wishing you all a good good night from Indianapolis.
Conor is on his way.
Conor, the Mexican wave had lot to say.
He told you tales of sports, the dope he C O L G A T E
Mr.
Frank Sinatra appeared on this program tonight courtesy of Paramount Pictures.
This program originated in Indianapolis.
This is the National Broadcasting Company.
